# team-slr-task
**Can self regulation of a learning task be nudged for continuous development?  Using xAPI to promote and track self-regulation and monitoring of individual learner practice goals.**
<br>The Hypothesis is that you can leverage xAPI to create a set of feedback loops (statement capturing > triggers event from system > learner takes action > statement loop begins again adjusting to new action) that increases active learner self monitoring of work place practice and therefore an increase in behavior transfer.  The basic incident starts with creation of a simple implementation plan statement. It is generated digitally. The statement calls are built in to the digital plan. We can use a type of middleware like of Sparks to listen for the statement and then the loop begins.
<br>The task I have in mind is really simple. Learner completes a "form" that results in a simple one sentence plan. Ex. When I start my next meeting, I'll ask each participant to share one thing they are wondering about before going over agenda.     
When the learner hits "submit" a statement is generated with this context (the plan). We use something like "zapier" to listen for that statement and object ID. I've used Sparks for this before. You preconfigure it to listen for that statement.  Once the statement is heard an email (must have that as part of actor info) goes to the participant with the statement/plan information . That email template (html??) gets backfilled with the information from the statement. And in the email the learner has an option to take two steps. Those steps are submissions that once again send statements back to the LRS. And thus the loop continues.
